.\" Manpage for DeepMwoo.
.\" Contact hethsron-jedael.boueya@uha.fr to correct errors or typos.
.TH DEEPMWOO 8 "23th October 2020" "0.0.1" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
.B DeepMwoo
\- starting facial recognition 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B main.py
.RI "[OPTION] ... [SOURCE] ..."
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B DeepMwoo
is a facial recognition software based on deep learning, whose objective is, from the incoming image, to find a series of data of the same face in a set of training images in a database.
.SH OPTIONS
.B DeepMwoo
take some options. Mandatory arguments to long options are mandatory for short options too.
.TP
.B -d, --device
identify a person from a video frame (from [SOURCE] that could be VID0, VID1 or VID2)
.TP
.B -h, --help
display this help and exit
.TP
.B -i, --image
identify a person from a digital image (from [SOURCE] that could be a JPEG or JPG file)
.TP
.B -p, --player
identify a person from a video frame (from [SOURCE] that could be an AVI, MPEG-4 or MATROSKA file)
.TP
.B -u, --url
identify a person from a video frame ([SOURCE] must be a reachable streaming URL with RTSP or HTTP scheme)
.TP
.B -v, --version
display the version of the software and exit
.SH EXAMPLES
Some examples of common usage.
.SH NOTES
All above options are not muttually exclusive and cannot be used together.
.SH EXIT STATUS
If OpenCV 3.4.2, libjson-c, libcurl and libcppdb are not installed on the system, this program will end with exit status.
.SH SEE ALSO
Full documentation at : <https://github.com/Hethsron/deepmwoo>
.SH REPORTING BUGS
No known bugs.
.SH AUTHOR
Written and maintained by Hethsron Jedael BOUEYA (hethsron-jedael.boueya@uha.fr)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2020  Hethsron Jedael BOUEYA
.PP
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.
.PP
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.
.PP
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA